# Django-JWT
Django RestApi Development Project using DjangoRestFramework's ViewSet.

This is a Django Practice Project for creating WebApi's by using the rest frameworks ViewSet. 
Requirements : 
LANGUAGE: Python 3.6.5
FRAMEWORK : Django Latest Version 
DATABASE : sqlite3

Steps to Execute Project:

Install VirtualEnv : pip install virtalenv 
Create VirtualEnv : virtualenv venv 
Install requirements : Navigate to~~~~ requirements file path and execute the following command. pip install -r requirements.txt

JWT token based Authentication is implemented in this repo.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
+++++++TOKEN GENERATION+++++++++
JWT token can be generated by calling the 
              URL : {localhost}/get-token 
 Need to provide the username and password for genertaing the token in POSTMAN or CURL. This token lasts for 5 minutes and can be increaesed in the settings.py file.
 POSTMAN : {'Headers': {'content-type': 'application/json'},
            'Body': {'username':'sdffc','password':'asdaasd'}
 CURL : HTTP POST {localhost}/get-token username="some name" password="some password"
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 +++++++TOKEN REFRESHING+++++++++
 
JWT token can be refreshed before the specified time expires(default 5 minutes) by calling the 
              URL : {localhost}/refresh-token 
 Need to provide the existing token for genertaing the new token in POSTMAN or CURL. This old token and new token is also valid.
 POSTMAN : {'Headers': {'content-type': 'application/json'},
            'Body': {'token': 'JWT <existing tokem>'}
 CURL : HTTP POST {localhost}/refresh-token token = <existing token>
  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ++++++++ TOKEN VERIFICATION ++++++++++
  JWT token can be verified also.
  If the token is valid it returns 200 status code and the token will be returned, else 400 status code will be returned with the reason.
   POSTMAN : {'Headers': {'content-type': 'application/json'},
            'Body': {'token': 'JWT <token>'}
 CURL : HTTP POST {localhost}/verify-token token = <existing token>
  
  
  Note : These urls are speicified in urls.py , can be changed as per requirement.
